my boyfriend at the time had been to
Thailand when I discovered Thai food oh
my god
and these are the favorite is there you
know is it Tommy I'm soup or what is it
Thai green curry there's just so
fragrance but all those Thai dishes the
whole thing about you know Thai curry
it's the smell not just when you're
eating it but when you're actually
making it yeah and they're fresh
although you can always taste every
single flavor in each dish you know what
I mean absolutely it's the its blueprint
cooking and it's cooking that when I eat
something like that it sort of fills me
with energy and with vitality and it's
it is it's this it's all the ingredients
the coriander and the ginger and
galangal on everything grass and
lemongrass that zip and zing my favorite
Julia and I share a real love of Thai
green curry and as Julia knows the
secret of this dish is all in the spice
paste
as with most things in life the fresher
the ingredients allowed to the dish
things off the plate
I can't stress enough the secret to Thai
green curry really is all in the paste
and if you are a big fan of lemongrass
you might be interested to know that it
even works as an antidepressant yep you
heard it here first